First things first i began on december 24th 
I created the window and the lines for the board
I made a block class on the 25th i made blocks move and not leave the screan
next up im gonna make the blocks eithr snap on or detect which space thier in
Ill have to make both anyway but for now ill make them grey out when moving
I didnt use grey but cyan instead looks a lil nicer
Now ill try to make it snap into place should be simple what would be harder would 
be keeping track of the thingies now ill try sum
Blocks now snap next up, actually take a space up 
code wise.
Blocks take up spaces in code now, time to make more
appear when the current ones are used up.
They are now replaceable easy enough ill now move on 
to make them return if the move is invalid.
Blocks can now return and are successfuly placed
I did have a problem where clicking on the screen after 
placing a block would return it but fixed now.
Next up are really only harder things left which
kind of worry me since I kind of do not want to do 
them but are core parts of the game
Heres a list of 3 I can think of off the top of me head
Line completion to score
actually clearing the lines
randomly creating multi block blocks 
The hardest one will most likely be block things since
a major part will be placing them
I have completed a system that knows what rows and columns have been filled
next up is a way to destroy the columns if 
it has been filled. But First ill commit rq
Destroying a row or column 
Blocks now get destroyed when a row is clearedd
I also added a score system 
Ill just ctr c ctr v that into commit cause lol
Next up is what I belive the hardest part is coming up 
Its a core part that I didnt really want to work on 
something I call Structures 
aka a combination of blocks 
The reason why I belive itll be dificult is beause 
Ill have to 
1 attach blocks to other blocks
2 verify that blocks are placeable and within the board.
My plan is to have mulitple blocks that spawn to gether but as
a comglamorate or whaterver its called.
I plan to make a parent block and make the block 
follow its parent if its not the cursor 
so basically the parent can be a cursor
Itll also have a side to it so its either up down left right
from its parent, Ill add center for its cursor
acttually that wont work Ill have to have a main parent the cursor 
attaches to. Im basically stuck so ill have to do some deep thinking
really quick. A block is created with a parent and a side
I got it, I need preset structures so they know what theyre doing
After hours of fucking around Im done 
Im going to go through and see if I can optimize 
Its been tough and I cant really do shit 
It hasnt worked yet but Im trying out inheritance and 
With this mess of code I can't really trace the code.
And I guess Ill document too
Time to go sleep. So far so good I was able to add
and remove a lot but I should be chillin 
Ill leave the rest for tommorow since I dont know
what could come next but It should be easy to 
Ill just keep documenting and I should be chillin 
since I havent finished doing so.
I want children to work but they aren't I 
belive the way to go might be by keeping track of children
instead of parents Ill keep working with parents for now
I think ill rework all functions that need it.
Ive made movingblock into movingblocks and now 
parents keep track of their children
Children and parents now move as they should
After a long time, im finnaly going to commit
